{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Kindergarten \'96 Teacher Hafsa Baig\
We are excited to welcome Hafsa Baig, who holds a Bachelor of Elementary Education from the University of Alberta. Ma Sha\'92Allah, she brings valuable experience in elementary classrooms, creating lessons that engage diverse learning styles. She is passionate about fostering a supportive and inclusive environment that promotes academic, social, and emotional growth while building strong relationships with students, parents, and colleagues. She will be leading Kindergarten.\
\
Grade 1 \'96 Teacher Nida Dar\
Teacher Nida Dar holds a bachelor\'92s in media studies, and a master\'92s in social sciences, and a Bachelor of Education from the University of Alberta. With over eight years of experience in Islamic school settings, she is dedicated to fostering a loving and inclusive classroom environment, Passionate about teaching with kindness, Nida believes that every child deserves to be nurtured and supported in their learning journey. She specializes in STEM, language arts, and social studies, with a focus on integrating faith and promoting student well-being Nida is excited to lead the Grade 1 class, where she aims to create a warm, engaging atmosphere that encourages academic growth and strong relationships with students, parents, and colleagues.\
\
Grade 2 \'96 Teacher Mahjabeen Shaikh. \
Teacher Mahjabeen Shaikh holds a Masters of Education from University of Ottawa and Permanent Teacher Certification from Alberta. She is a dedicated elementary teacher with over 10 years of experience integrating Islamic values into Alberta\'92s curriculum. Her experience has equipped her with strong expertise in classroom management, curriculum planning, and instructional strategies. Ma ShaAllah, she will be leading Grade 2, creating inclusive and engaging classrooms, supporting diverse learners, leading extracurricular programs, mentoring new teachers, and collaborating with parents and staff to foster a supportive and thriving school community.\
\
Grade 3 \'96 Teacher Fatima Damad\
Fatima Damad Who holds a Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Education with an Alberta-certified teacher experienced in Language Arts, and IB-inspired Units of Inquiry. Ma-Sha\'92Allah, she is passionate about faith-integrated, inquiry-based learning that nurtures creativity, critical thinking, and student well-being. She builds supportive classrooms where students are encouraged to explore, question, and grow academically and personally. She will be leading Grade 3.\
\
Grade 4 \'96 Teacher Fatima Shamas\
We are excited to welcome Sister Fatima Shamas, who holds a Bachelor of Education From at the University of Alberta. Ma-Sha Allah, she brings experience in English and creative writing and is passionate about fostering a love for reading and writing. She creates a supportive, engaging classroom that nurtures student growth and confidence, and will be joining Grade 4 as their teacher. \
\
Grade 5 \'96 Teacher Nida A. Alvi\
Nida A. Alvi is an experienced educator with a Masters of Science (Physiology) degree and Bachelor of Education and a master\'92s in English literature and Linguistics. Ma-Sha\'92Allah, she brings years of teaching experience in both Islamic and public-school settings, focusing on individualized learning, student growth, and building strong relationships with students and parents. She is skilled in curriculum planning, lesson delivery, and classroom management, and will support and inspire the Grade 5 students while fostering a supportive and engaging learning environment.\
\
Grade 6 \'96 Teacher Sumaya Ali\
We are delighted to welcome Sister Sumaya Ali, a Bachelor of Education graduate from the University of Alberta, In ShaAllah. She brings valuable teaching experience as a Homeroom Teacher, with expertise in lesson planning, differentiated instruction, and classroom management. Ma ShaAllah, she is passionate about creating an engaging and inclusive learning environment that fosters academic growth, Islamic values, and strong relationships with students, parents, and colleagues. She will be leading Grade 6.\
\
Grade 1 \'96 Teacher Nida Dar.\
Teacher Nida Dar holds a Bachelors in Media Studies, Masters in Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Education from the University of Alberta. With over eight years of experience in Islamic school settings and holding Permanent Teacher Certification from Alberta, she is dedicated to fostering a loving and inclusive classroom environment. She specializes in STEM, language arts, and social studies, with a focus on integrating faith and promoting student well-being with kindness. She will lead Grade 1 class, and create an engaging atmosphere that encourages academic growth and strong relationships with students, parents, and colleagues.\
\
Grade 5 \'96 Teacher Nida Alvi.\
Teacher Nida Alvi is an experienced educator with a Masters of Science (Physiology), Bachelor of Education and a Masters in English Literature and Linguistics. Ma-Sha\'92Allah, she holds Permanent Teacher Certification from both Ontario and Alberta, and brings years of teaching experience in both Islamic and public-school settings, focusing on individualized learning, student growth, and building strong relationships with students and parents. She is skilled in curriculum planning, lesson delivery, and classroom management, and will support and inspire the Grade 5 students while fostering a supportive and engaging learning environment.}